Update semantic task support docs (#24597)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/integrations/gradio.md

## Usage Example

> This section provides the Python code used to create the Gradio interface with the Ultralytics YOLO26 model. The code supports classification, detection, instance segmentation, semantic segmentation, and keypoint tasks.

Reviewer: 📝 **LOW**: This sentence now overstates what the example supports. The page and sample are still object-detection-oriented (`YOLO("yolo26n.pt")`, confidence/IoU sliders, and `r.plot()` output), so calling out semantic segmentation here will mislead readers unless the example is also updated to load a semantic model and render class maps explicitly.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
This section provides the Python code used to create a Gradio interface for Ultralytics YOLO26 object detection. The sample can be adapted for classification, instance segmentation, pose, and other YOLO tasks by loading the corresponding model checkpoint.
```
